#!/usr/bin/env bash

cat << ReadThisMsg

Release the bash library a.k.a blib version 1.1
License: the new/simple BSD license 

Currently the library contains the following four files;

	base.blib
	debug.blib
	std.blib
	string.blib

Each bash library file has been crafted for a specific purpose and as the library grows these files will be expanded.

The main library file std.blib sets the foundation for the subsequent libraries thus is required for any of their usage. It is important to 
properly source this into the head of your script prior to accessing any of the other libraries. I hope to expand this file's usage at some 
point as well as make it easier to implement further enhancements. 

The base.blib file contains a handful of useful generic functions which over time could be branched out into their own repository. I am 
working to limit such branching but keep in mind that this is always a possibility. For instance the outputMsg and logOutput functions are 
prime candidates for relocation as well as anything tide to these methods.

String manipulation has been a goal and I have worked to include functions that I use for this purpose some are just encapsulations of bash 
built in constructs. I am still working on cleaning this library up and really could use some assistance with streamlining this file.

New in this build is the debug library which contains two functions I created to help me troubleshoot new scripts. Primarily I use the 
setCheckPoint function and only included the setBreakPoint function for the sake of completeness. I am sure over time this library will be 
enhanced but as of right now this is what I have.

Most of the funcitons in the library have been commented with phpdoc style comment markers. However there are several that I made up for the 
sake of clarity. Hopefully someone will consider creating a bashdoc utility that can parse these into some sort of useful documentation. As 
always I have included my usual commentary which sometimes explains what I was thinking when I wrote a particular block of code. This is 
especially true if I feel that I've take a short route that I just couldn't riddle out a better way. The comments are there to remind me of 
this and hopefully spark some sort of epiphany at some later date.

Ok that is all for now

ReadThisMSG
